hi I'm John burrows this week on the
hide venture Journal we're off to Africa
with our old friends Brooks and Sonny
Pennington the Penningtons were there
with some of their friends on the green
hunt for a Ron oh we moved to the
property where we were going to dart the
Rhino we quickly looked around and Rhian
found a big bull track we followed the
bull for maybe 700 yards we stopped in a
clearing and all of a sudden
Rhianna can hear the Rhino feeding the
Rhino had no idea we were around we just
needed the Rhino to turn for the right
angle to get the dart into a muscle
group and we were patient we waited for
the perfect shot but when that
opportunity presented itself
Brooks put the dark just where he needed
to when the dart hit the Rhino bolted he
only went four or five yards we ducked
back into the cover which was the right
thing to do we sat there and waited
until the drug took effect seven minutes
later the Rhino starts to stagger around
and he goes down well as the Rhino went
down he went over and he was getting
over on this spine so everybody rushes
in to try to rob the Rhino
well just as I run to the Rhino I'm
running around the bush I'm staring eye
to eye with a rhino with this horn a
foot away from me Green hunting is
becoming a very important part of rhino
conservation it's cutting down on the
poaching dramatically it's also letting
us study the Serrano's make sure they're
healthy were drawing blood samples but
again what an experience for Brooks
Pennington at his young age I think you
can tell that's as exciting as it gets
cool what do you think